Label settings - note on data-defined label rotation and description of upside-down labels (#9829)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/style_library/label_settings.rst

  pointing in the direction of East for ``Horizontal`` oriented text and with 0°
  pointing in North direction for ``Vertical`` oriented text. Different units can
  be defined for the labeling rotation (e.g. ``degrees``, ``minutes of arc``, ``turns``).

>   QGIS prioratizes screen display rotation angles by default and always rotates text
>   to be most readable on screen, so "upside-down" rotation angles are overrided while

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  QGIS prioritizes screen display rotation angles by default and always rotates text
  to be most readable on screen, so "upside-down" rotation angles are overridden while
```
